BlizSoft END-USER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT and Disclaimer

EPal Pro 1.0
Contact: sales@BlizSoft.com 

BlizSoft, Copyright 2003
All rights reserved. 


1.THIS IS NOT FREE SOFTWARE
If you have downloaded this software from a website other than 'www.BlizSoft.com' or if you have otherwise received this 
software from someone who is not a representative of this organization you are involved in an illegal activity. The copying, 
distribution, installation and usage of this software without our consent is illegal. In order to help us continue the 
development and production of good software, we kindly ask for your collaboration. Please contact us at 
'piracy@BlizSoft.com' and tell us where you got the software from. We will reward you with a free license and original 
software then. 

2.LICENSE AGREEMENT
Do not run the BlizSoft Pro software on a site other than which they have been licensed for. Violation of this license 
agreement may void your right to receive support and subject you to legal action. You should carefully read the following 
terms and conditions before using this software. Unless you have a different license agreement signed by BlizSoft, your 
use of this software indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and disclaimer of warranty. 

As a registered user, you may alter or modify the BlizSoft Pro as far as the HTML output is concerned. Further 
modification of the script code requires written permission of the author (Just drop us a short note ). You cannot give 
anyone else permission to modify the BlizSoft Pro Software. You are strictly prohibited from distributing copies of this
software without prior permission. You are specifically prohibited from charging, or requesting donations, for any copies, 
however made, and from distributing the software and/or documentation with other products (commercial or otherwise) without 
prior written permission! 

3.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
This software, the information, code and/or executables as well as the accompanying files provided are provided "as is" 
without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of 
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In no event shall the BlizSoft be liable for any damages 
whatsoever including direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, loss of data, loss of business profits or special damages, 
even if the author or seller has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Good data processing procedure dictates 
that any program be thoroughly tested with non-critical data before relying on it. The user must assume the entire risk of 
using the program. 
                                                      
4.LIMITED LIABILITY                                                      
Unless otherwise expressly stated herein, BlizSoft shall not be liable to Licensee for any consequential damages arising 
out of BlizSoft breach of this Agreement.

5.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES                                                                      
BlizSoft hereby represents and warrants to Licensee that                                        
	A.Licensor is the owner of all right, title and interest, including copyright, in all the Licensed
        Materials, or has the authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of the owner.    
                                                                                               
	B.BlizSoft is fully aware of Licensee's business requirements and intended uses for the Software 
	and the Software shall satisfy such requirements and is fit for such intended uses.                                                         
                                                         
	C.BlizSoft use of the Licensed Materials as authorized by this Agreement will not infringe any 
        existing copyright, trade secret, patent or trademark rights of any third party.

6.LIMITED WARRANTY                                                         
BlizSoft warrants that for a period of 30 of days after delivery of the Software.

7.ATTORNEY FEES                                                                                      
If any legal action is necessary to enforce this License, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney fees,
costs and expenses in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.  
                                                                                                      
8.NOTICE                                                       
All notices required or permitted to be given by one party to the other under this Agreement shall be sufficient if sent by 
certified mail, return receipt requested, to the parties at the respective addresses set forth above or to such other 
address as the party to receive the notice has designated by notice to the other party.