FreeLove 3 at yourdomain.com is a perfect market place for real international friendship, love, marriage and etc. 
Our server is widely used by users from former Soviet Union and Russians now residing all over the world. 

Simplified system allows database search and even communication without any registration. 
You will only have to register if you want to publish your profile, and this registration is dead simple (your nick and password).
This allows to pinpoint your profile from others, as well as gives you the possibility to alter your profile, download photos and read private messages which have been left for you. 

General structure:
The main page consists of  4 important sections:
1. Searching the profiles
2. Database entry for registered users
3. Registration for new users
4. Statistics includes: Number of profiles, number of requests, numbers of visits in total and today only. 

Operational Manual:

How to publish your profile:
To publish your profile will take not more than 5 minutes and is very simple
First of all you have to be registered  (please enter your nick and password)
If your registration is successful you will see a confirmation on the screen. 
Please write down or remember your nick and password. If you lose or forget your nick or password we wouldn't be able to send it to your by e-mail and you will have to register again and publish your new profile. 
Then please press return button and enter newly registered nick and password. Then you have to press Profile button and first of all you have to download your photo from you computer or from internet. When you have managed to do that please press Download/Change Photo. 
Please press this button only once and wait till the photo will be downloaded. Downloading time depends on the photo size and can be up to several minutes. 
When you have answered all the questions  press Remember button.
It is in your interests to answer questions to the best of your knowledge. 

How to download your photo:
Publishing of your photo will significantly increase your chance to find friends, penpals and even love. 
Your have 3 different ways to publish your photo in your profile. 

1. From your computer. Please press browse button and select your photo file (formats  gif, jpg only), when you press Open button your will see the path to your file on your computer (something like this) C:\Windows\Desktop\myphoto.gif
Next step will be to answer all questions of the questionnaire and add some information about yourself. (Additional information about yourself is a very important part of your profile and you shouldn't ignore it, it should be written informative and with the purpose to catch the attention.) 

2. From the Internet. If your photo is already on the Net, all you have to do is to type its address. 
You can start with http or with  www.
Examples:
http://www.yourdomain.com/images/myphoto.gif or
www.yourdomain.com/images/myphoto.gif

3. If due to any reasons you couldn't download your photo  by any of the above mentioned ways, simply send it to us by e-mail. Our address is  admin@yourdomain.com. Please include your nick. We will insert your photo in your profile.

Attention: Photo requirements
Format: gif, jpg only
Size: Not more than 100 Kb
Dimensions: Not more than 700 õ 600 pixels
Content: Pornography is not allowed
