UPGRADE INSTRUCTIONS

If you're currently using Zomplog version 2.3 or later, there's an easy way to upgrade to the latest version of Zomplog. All your previous posts will be automatically imported into the new version!

1. open config.php (in the admin folder) and fill out the same database-connection information you used for the previous version. Note: if you've changed the table-names of the previous version, you should change the table names in the new version to fit the names of the old version.

2. If you want to keep the skin you used in the previous version, copy it to the skins-folder of the new version.

3. Upload everything (to the original folder, or to a new one, this doesn't affect the upgrade).

4. With your webbrowser, visit upgrade/version23.php (or the version you're currently uprading from e.g version30.php). If you get the "succesfully upgraded" message, everything went fine. You have now upgraded to the latest version of Zomplog!

Note: if something went wrong during the upgrade, your old posts will still be in the database. The upgrade file does not delete any old data.

Note about skins: since version 3.1 the templating-system has changed. If your old templates don't work anymore, here's the fix: open the "default"-folder which is in the "skins"-folder, and copy MAINPAGE.PHP and SIDEMENU.PHP to the folder of your old skin. This will mostly fix the problem!

IMPORTANT NOTE TO UPGRADING USERS:

This is an important message to all users who want to upgrade to version 3.3 from a previous version: in zomplog 3.3 the thumbnail system has drastically changed. It has changed so much that images you uploaded before upgrading to version 3.3 will not work anymore. The only solution is to re-upload those pictures. The original files are still in the "upload" directory and are still full-size, so that shouldn't cause too many problems.

The date system has also changed quite a bit, so there might be some issues with that too. There is a workaround for this too: in zomplog 3.3 you can manually change the date (in editentry.php), so every old entry will be back in place. 

Sorry for this drastic step, but sometimes you need to loose something in order to improve. Just like in real life, isn't it? :)

I hate to say this, but if there aren't any very strong reasons why you should upgrade, don't upgrade. Or install Zomplog 3.3 in a new directory, copy the old skins, and have a fresh start! I promise that upgrading from version 3.3 to all upcoming versions will be a lot easier again. I just had to get rid of some old ways of handling things.