Installing ImageFolio Commerce

1.   Upload the store directory, located in the cgi-bin directory, to an area on the server
     where scripts can be executed, normally the cgi-bin.  Set permissions on all *.cgi files
     to 755.  Set permissions on the data directory and all the files it contains to 777.  Set
     permissions on admin/user.db and admin/sessions to 777.

2.   Upload the ifc_images directory to the "store_files" directory of the server.  Transfer all files
     in Binary mode, except for the .js files, which should be transferred in ASCII Text mode.

3.   Upload the ifc_orders directory to someplace with a weird directory name inside your "store_files".  
     Set permissions on this directory, and all the files and directories it contains, to 777.

4.   Upload the store_images directory to the "store_files" directory.  Set permission on this directory
     to 777.

5.   Upload the store_files_cache directory to the "store_files" directory.  Set permission on this directory
     to 777.

6.   Upload the temp_download directory to the "store_files" directory.  Set permission on this directory
     to 777.

7.   Configure config.pl, taxandship_config.pl and gateway_config.pl. You can run the serverinfo.cgi script
     to find out the paths, url and mail settings.

8.   Go to admin.cgi via a Web browser.  The default username and password are Admin and ImageFolio.

9.   Build the Index. Create a "Test_Category" and upload some images.

9.   Go to imageFolio.cgi and add yourself as a user, which will check the mailing functions and
     the permissions.

10.  Add a few items to your cart and a few items to your wishlist, then checkout.  Check your email
     for your order and log back into the Admin Area to make sure the order is in the database.

11.  If everything worked properly, delete your order from the database and change the default Admin
     Area password.

12.  Notify the customer that the installation is complete.  Make sure you explain directory locations
     of the ifc_orders directory, store_images directory, all the configuration files, and the templates
     directory.