**ATTENTION OPTIN LIGHTNING USERS**

If anyone accuses you of spamming them, just send this letter
to them or something similar. This is just an idea. Feel free
to modify it as needed to fit your situation or personalize it
or whatever. 'Anti-Flame' Letter is Below ->

Make sure that you never fight fire with fire in this case. 
Many people that don't remember what lists they subscribe 
to are very immature, and won't have second thoughts about
trying to damage your business. If you send them this letter,
they'll know you've done your homework. They won't have any
recourse. -Cheers, Brian Garvin

Hello,

I just received a letter from you claiming that I spammed
you or sent you unsolicited commercial email. Our official 
spamming policy is as follows..

"We respect your privacy and pledge not to abuse this privilege."

Before I go any further, I would like to deeply apologize 
that this happened.

The only way you would have received an email from us is if 
you asked to be on our list or someone you know did, perhaps 
a friend or associate added you (which is possible).
 
If someone else put you on our list, if you haven't removed 
yourself yet, please send me the email address that was subscribed 
against your will, and I'll send you the name, email address
and entire IP feed of the person who subscribed you.

If someone was to add you to the list, I have proof of their name,
email address and their entire IP feed (not just the IP) which I can 
assist you in finding the culprit and reporting them.

I honestly apologize that this happened, but it wasn't my doing.
If something like this happens again, please don't remove your-
self from the list next time and forward me an unedited copy of
the email and I'll give you the info you need to contact the 
person who actually added you to the list and you can take it
from there.

If you want to discuss this further, please call me collect if 
necessary. Also, every email sent out by us has a remove link 
at the bottom. One click and you're off forever.

Sincerely,

Your Name
(123)-456-7890