ReinMasamuri
63.234.97.24
 mYvBindex v2.0 (post #1) 

mYvBindex 2.0 released!
2.0 is a complete re-write of the coding. The coding is much cleaner and should run much smoother on your server. The new version adds an option for polls, fixes a couple of small bugs, and adds a few more options to your Admin CP. It is definitely recommended that anyone running version 1.0 upgrades to 2.0. See instructions how to upgrade at the bottom of this post.


mYvBindex 2.0 will allow you to include different options from your vBulletin message board on your site's index page. Everything is completely template based so it is very easy to customize and change everything through your Admin CP.

Features:

Login box for members to log in to your site on the homepage. 

Post News articles in a forum you specify and have it appear on your homepage. 

Show the latest threads started in your forum on your homepage. 

Show a poll and allow users to vote and see the results on your homepage. 

Shows users avatar, new private messages, and buddy list for members who are logged in. 

Shows a list of active users. 

Shows a mini calendar with links to days with scheduled events. 

Search box to allow users to quickly search your forums. 

Current weather and updates on your homepage. 

Set and change all options via the Admin CP. 

Ability to easily switch on/off the polls, users avatar, buddy list, online users, search box, calendar, weather, custom templates, news icons, news comments, smilies, set the maximum number of news posts, and and other options via the Admin CP.

Everything is completely template based so it is very easy to customize. 

Install file that will make all database queries and templates for you in seconds. 

Uninstalls in seconds. 

Tested and stable with vBulletin 2.2.6, 2.2.7, and 2.2.8 (should work fine on all 2.x versions, but 2.2.6 + were the only one's I had to test it on )



A nice feature of mYvBindex is that it performs only 11 queries with all the options turned off, no matter how many news articles or latest threads you choose to display. Some options will cause the script to perform extra queries, but even with all the options turned on it still performs only 24 queries at max.

Here is a list of each extra function that will cause extra queries:


Poll - 2 queries

User's Avatar - 1 query 

Private Messages - 1 query 

Buddy List - 1 query 

Online Users - 3 queries 

Mini Calendar - 1 query 

Weather - 2 queries 

Poll and/or News Smilies - 1 query



Copyright:
This hack is NOT to be re-distributed or placed on website for download without permission. All copyright notes in the script itself must remain unchanged. Since this script uses vBulletin functions, you are not permitted to remove the Jelsoft copyright in the footer.

Please don't forget to hit the Install Button


Credits:
mYvBindex uses modified versions of the following hacks:
Latest XX Threads on Forumhome Page - by TECK 
Mini Calendar from vbPortal - by wajones 
vB Weather Mk. 2- by JJR512 


Screen Shots
Guest Homepage
Admin Homepage (top)
Admin Homepage (bottom)
User Homepage (top)
User Homepage (bottom)
Admin CP
(Be sure to refresh your browser if you have looked at these before)


Upgrading From 1.0
To upgrade, you should completely un-install version 1.0 using the uninstall script provided with that version. Using the 2.0 uninstall script will not work on version 1.0. Once you uninstall 1.0 you should then follow the instructions to install 2.0. Note that the changes you made in your newthread.php and newreply.php have changed. You should search for "isfirst" in each file and change them both to "isnews". Other than that all vBulletin file and template modifications are the same.