AutoRank Professional FAQ  
 


How do I center the list on my page? 

To center the list, you will need some type of centering tag in the header. You can use whatever type best fits your style, as long as the tag comes right before the beginning of the list. 


I am using a table for my rankings, but when I add a banner for a list break it appears at the top of the list. How do I fix this? 

When you are working with tables, you need to make sure you include the proper HTML code in the list break so that the banner is inserted into the table. Generally this means you will need to place your banner HTML code inside a <tr><td> </td></tr> table section. An example for the default template is: 

            <tr>
            <td colspan="5">

            YOUR BREAK HTML HERE

            </td>
            </tr>
            
There are other ways to create breaks in tables, but they will depend on your HTML. The best advice we can give is to layout all of your HTML in your normal HTML editor before inserting it into the software. This will allow you to get everything looking how you want it ahead of time. 


I've setup my list to rerank every x minutes, but it isn't updating. What's wrong? 

If you are not using cron for updates, you need a steady stream of traffic coming through rankem.cgi in order to see regular updates. Until that happens, you may need to rerank and reset the list manually. We define a steady stream of traffic as at least one hit every x minutes, where x is the amount of time between reranks. 

If you are using cron, you will need to double check your cron setup and try running rerank.cgi from the command line. Also make sure your crontab entries are in tact and correct. 


I can't get my HTML looking how I want it, can you help? 

Our tech support staff are CGI gurus, and are not professional HTML developers. HTML coding is not included in the tech support we offer, as is covered in our policies and software license that you agreed to when you purchased. The only thing we can assist you with is information on what files need to be edited in order to change the HTML for a specific page. There are a couple of other things we can say about HTML problems. First of all, see the HTML.html and templates.html documentation files for details on how to edit your HTML. 

Second, layout your HTML in your normal HTML editor before you begin inserting it into the administrative interface or template files. Use your normal HTML editor to get the page looking how you want it, and you can then take it apart and place the appropriate HTML in the appropriate locations. Have a look at the default HTML provided with the software before you begin editing. Try to get an understanding of how it works so you can more easily edit and create your own HTML. 

If you still can't get things how you want them, we recommend locating a professional HTML developer to assist you. 


When I try to add an account, the server stalls (there is no response) and eventually just times out. What can I do to stop this? 

This indicates there is a problem with sendmail on your server. You have a few options. First, you can contact your server administrator and ask them to check out sendmail to see what is causing the problem. Second, you can switch to an SMTP server if one is available. Finally, you can disable all of the e-mail functions in setup.cgi. 


How to I edit the links on my banner farm page? 

The banner farm page can be edited by making changes to the _account_farm.htmlt template. For complete details on editing the templates, see the templates.html documentation file. All of the pages generated by the accounts.cgi script can be edited through these templates - the documentation tells you which file represents what. 


How to I edit the HTML that is generated by accounts.cgi? 

All of the HTML that accounts.cgi prints comes directly from the template files. See the templates.html documentation file for details on how to edit these files. That document also tells you what each template is used for, and all of the template values you can use on each of the pages. 


Does the script automatically create links to the other ranking pages? 

No, you must create the links between your ranking pages and insert them into the headers and/or footers. If you need information on how your ranking pages are named, see the overview.html documentation file. 


After I run init.cgi, I can't login with the default username and password. What do I do? 

Double check the .htaccess file to make sure it is pointing to the .htpasswd file in the admin directory on your server. If you are absolutely positive that the path is correct, you will need to contact your server administrator for details on using .htaccess on your server. 


After I run init.cgi, I can login with the default username and password, but I get a 500 server error from the scripts. What do I do? 

This is most likely caused by the permissions setting of the admin directory. Some servers do not allow CGI scripts to be placed inside directories that are set to 777 for permissions. Once you have run init.cgi, you can change the permissions on the admin directory to 755. That should resolve the problem. If it doesn't, check to make sure you have setup a valid perl path, uploaded in ASCII mode, and set the proper permissions on all of the files. 


My list is out of order; accounts with fewer hits are ranked higher than accounts with more hits. What is going on? 

If you are ranking sites by something other than Hits In, you need to make sure that you update your template so that it displays the value that your sites are sorted by. For example, if you are ranking by hits in/month (you select the ranking method through setup.cgi), be sure to replace #%HITS_IN%# with #%IN_PER_MONTH%#. 


On my category pages, the ranks do not start at number one. What's wrong? 

In the template for your category ranking pages, you will need to change #%OVERALL_RANK%# to #%CATEGORY_RANK%# to display the site's rank within the category. 


The outgoing link has a bunch of wierd characters in it (%3a%2f%2f). Is that normal? 

Yes, that is completely normal and is actually required in order for the outgoing link to work properly with all possible URLs. 


I'm using cron to update the list. When I try to run cron.cgi from the command line I get an error like "Can't locate cgiworks.pm in @INC". What can I do? 

This indicates that the $CDIR variable has not been properly configured. See the cron.html documentation file for information on editing that file. 


After I get done running setup.cgi, there is a directory named html in my data directory with all of the HTML files. I wanted them to be placed somewhere else, so why is it in the data directory? 

The script will use the value you entered for the HTML directory in setup.cgi to determine where to write the HTML files. The data/html directory is a special directory used by the script to hold the templates, and is not the location of your ranking pages. Use the rerank function of the administrative script to create your ranking pages, and then use the link on the main page of the admin.cgi script to view them - they will be created in the directory you specified for the HTML directory. 


I'm using cron for updates, so why do I need to enter a rerank and reset time in setup.cgi? 

These values are required because they are used to figure the #%NEXT_UPDATE%# and #%NEXT_RESET%# values. When you are using cron, setting the rerank and reset times will have no affect on when reranks and resets actually occur as long as you have checked the box to indicate you are using cron. If you don't plan on using the #%NEXT_UPDATE%# and #%NEXT_RESET%# values, you can enter any numbers you want for the rerank and reset times. 


I used the edit gateway function, but the gateway page still looks the same. What's wrong? 

Oops, you didn't read the instructions on the edit gateway page! If you do, you will notice that a customized version of rankem.cgi is created in your data directory, and you must replace your current version of rankem.cgi with this new copy. 


My incoming hits are not being counted. How do I fix that? 

This can be caused by a number of things. First off, if you are using the gateway, make sure you have setup a Session Time in setup.cgi. If you have one setup, and hits are still not being counted, then you need to have a look at your cheat log (make sure this is enabled through setup.cgi, then send some hits). If hits are being listed as Expired Gateway Session cheats, you need to increase the session expire time. Some servers have problems reporting correct date and time information to the script, so this is why you need to increase the expire time. Continue to increase the expire time until the hits are counted. 

Second, if you are using the cheat protection features you need to realize that you will only be able to send one click for an account. So, if you are testing the software, you will only be able to give each account a single hit. 

Third, if you have created a custom gateway page, make sure you have set it up correctly so that the surfer is clicking on the correct link to count hits. When you create the gateway, use the #%URL%# value where you want the valid click URL to be placed. 

Fourth, make sure you have setup a Reset Time that is larger than your Rerank Time in setup.cgi. If the reset time is smaller, the hit counts will be continually reset to zero before you ever see them on the ranking page. 

Finally, the only place you can view hits in real time is the administrative script. If you are looking at the ranking HTML page to determine if hits are being counted, you are looking in the wrong place. You need to select an account to send a hit for, bring that account up in admin.cgi, send the hit, then reload admin.cgi to see if the hit is being counted. Also, have a look at your cheat log to see if the script is ignoring the hits because of cheating. 


I've made changes to the HTML for my ranking page through the administrative script, but the changes don't appear on the HTML file. 

You need to rerank the list from the administrative script in order to see your changes. 


E-mails are not being sent by the script. What should I check? 

There are many things that can cause e-mails to not be sent. First off, check that you have a valid sendmail or SMTP server entered in setup.cgi, and that the e-mail address you entered is one that is allowed to use sendmail or the SMTP server you entered. Second, in setup.cgi make sure you have checked the boxes to indicate that you want to send e-mails when accounts are created or edited. Third, make sure all of your e-mail templates have been uploaded in ASCII mode and that they are properly formatted as per the instructions in templates.html. If you are using sendmail, try switching to an SMTP server, and vice versa. 

If you are positive that all of the above items are correct, then sendmail/SMTP is doing some type of filtering that will not allow the e-mails to be sent. You can contact your server administrator for assistance, and they may be able to assist you. If they cannot, then you are probably out of luck and won't be able to use the e-mail functions of the software. 


How do I supply banners for people to use on their sites to link to mine? 

To provide your users with banners, there are a couple files you will want to edit. Complete details on editing templates can be found in the templates.html documentation file. 

_account_farm.htmlt
_account_added.htmlt
_account_review.htmlt 

Editing the _account_farm.htmlt template, you can add banners to your banner farm. This is the page that is displayed when a member logs into their account after selecting the Display Valid Link Syntax option. 

To provide banners on the confirmation page that is displayed when someone signs up, you will need to edit either _account_review.htmlt or _account_added.htmlt. Edit the first if you are reviewing new accounts, and the second if you are not. 


I can't get the new icon to show up next to sites. What can I do? 

First off, make sure you have selected to display the new icon and setup the new icon HTML through setup.cgi. Once you have done that, you will need to add the #%NEW_ICON%# value somewhere in your template HTML. This is done through the administrative script when you edit the HTML for your ranking pages. After you have added that template value, rerank the list to have it appear. If none of the sites are newer than the time you entered in setup.cgi, the new icon will not appear next to any sites. 


Sometimes I find that some of my accounts have had their data deleted. What causes this and how can I fix it? 

This can be caused by one of two things. First, your server's disk space could be low. Contact your server administrator to have some disk space freed up. 

The other possibility is that the server is unable to handle the load caused by the software, resulting in database corruption. To resolve this you should either disable the IP and cheat logging features of the software, move your site to a more powerful or dedicated server, or get one of the high traffic add ons. When the data is repaired, the member's hit count is also reset back to zero for all hit counts. This can cause the hit count to appear abnormally low for the specified account or for your overall statistics. 


When someone tries to add an account they get an error message that says "Connection refused" and something about "SMTP Socket". What is this and how do I fix it? 

This indicates that the SMTP server you entered in setup.cgi is currently down, or the configuration of the SMTP server has changed so that it no longer allows connections from CGI scripts. You will need to contact your server administrator for assistance in resolving this issue. If all they need to do is restart the SMTP server, you can leave the setting in setup.cgi as it is. If they tell you that the script can no longer access the SMTP server, you will need to either switch to sendmail or disable the e-mail functions of the software. 


How do I change the administrative password? 

Use the Change Admin Password function in admin.cgi - it is located in the first pull down menu. 
